At onboarding, I didn't need to provide OTP to successfully create my account. 
At onboarding, the password field requires uppercase, number and symbol, but the validation allowed me through when I provided just uppercase and number.
At onboarding the password field says 7 characters long but I can only create an account with at least 8 characters. 
BVN Validation field accepts alphabets and spaces.
I left my account logged in for a while and the system did not log me out, considering the delicacy of the application, Tokens should expire after a finite period of time. 
The phone number field, is not capped at 11 digits.
Under verifications, the field to enter account number expects 10 digits, but I can submit the form without providing 10 digits. 
Some of the fields that are drop downs, have the title of the field as an option. Eg. Title, Marital status, document type. 
The field for name of next of kin accepts just spaces. 
The OTP field should accept just numbers.
The information being displayed as status is not user friendly "PENDING_APPROVAL"
On the hamburger menu at the top right, clicking settings takes the user to the history page.
At Onboarding, after providing my OTP, on the view that expects the user to enter their bank details, the button that says "Retry" seems unnecessary and feels like a bad user experience .
At onboarding, when I tried to connect my bank account, the endpoint was returning 400 in the networks tab but on the frontEnd, there wasnt an error message to help the user know why it is not successful. 
On the preference page, I selected an option, and checked the box to make my default app but I was still taken to the preference screen the next time I logged in.
I noticed that on some of my test iterations, I couldn't see the hamburger menu to log out of the application. 
When a user is trying to use the forgot password feature, informing the user that the email they entered doesnt have an exisiting account seems like too much information as if the user was trying to gain access using brute force you would have just aided such a user.
 
